---
layout: post
title: New paper on RNA editing regulators published in Cell Reports
date: 2025-07-15 00:00:01+0000
inline: false
---

We’re thrilled to share that our collaborative study with Dr. Ruilin Tian’s group has been published in *Cell Reports*! Dr. Tianzi Wei and Xiang Lei from the Tian Lab, along with COmics member Jiaxuan Li, are joint first authors, and Dr. Tian and Dr. Shuai are joint corresponding authors of the study.

In this study, we introduce **CREDITS** and **scCREDIT-seq**, two CRISPR-based screening platforms that enable the **systematic discovery of A-to-I RNA editing regulators** at both population and single-cell levels.

### Highlights:
- Developed **CREDITS**, a pooled CRISPR screen using an RNA-editing reporter
- Created **scCREDIT-seq**, a computational pipeline for profiling transcriptome and editome changes using Perturb-Seq
- Identified **DDX39B** as a **global repressor** of A-to-I RNA editing by accumulating double-stranded RNA
- Targeting DDX39B enhances RNA editing tool efficiency (**CellREADR**, **LEAPER**) and disrupts **HDV replication**

These findings not only expand our understanding of RNA editing regulation but also provide strategies to identify new editing regulators and improve RNA-editing-based therapeutics and antiviral interventions.

📄 Wei, T., Li, J., Lei, X., Lin, R., Wu, Q., Zhang, Z., Shuai, S. & Tian, R. **Multimodal CRISPR screens uncover DDX39B as a global repressor of A-to-I RNA editing**. *Cell Rep.* 44, 116009 (2025).
DOI: [10.1016/j.celrep.2025.116009](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/40652511/)